# MyApp
This project was about designing and learning an effective way to hand
over the design to a software engineer and other team members with the help of [Figma & Zeplin](docs/setup.md).
We used Figma to create Mockups of an example Web page. The handover process is important for
engineers to effectively transfer the design into a product. Zeplin is a perfect interface for this.
The code of the components was generated by Zeplin and these components are connected to Zeplin.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.11.  
- It contains just one component 'Button' that style Code was created purely with the help of Zeplin. [/src/components/button](src/app/components/button) 
- The colors and fonts SCSS was created by Zeplin. Then the files were added to [src/styles/](src/styles)
- The project and its component 'Button' is connected to Zeplin. This allows us to find and change components in the code very quickly via Zeplin. [/.zeplin/components.json](.zeplin/components.json)

**[Get to the setup](docs/setup.md)**

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
